fix up content about profiles+config in aws guide (#1692)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/get-started/aws/begin.md

{{% /choosable %}}
{{< /chooser >}}

> For information about AWS profiles, and configuration, see [AWS Setup]({{< relref "/registry/packages/aws/installation-configuration" >}}).

Reviewer: Couldn’t we keep the same language and just also mention profiles?

```suggestion
For additional information on setting and using AWS credentials or profiles, see [AWS Setup]({{< relref "/registry/packages/aws/installation-configuration" >}}).
```

Author: @cnunciato what additional information is on that page that doesn't include profiles or credentials?

Author: @cnunciato do you specifically not want me to mention config? what credential information is there that's not in the guide and not in the profile content?
